This is the center of control for the alliance leader. This is their base where they can control the alliance. The Assistant alliance leader can also see certain aspects. Each will be mentioned.

The first feature is "job" assignment. Only the Alliance Leader (AL) can see this.

There is a dropdown box with all the systems in the alliance listed.
Below that, there is another dropdown box with all the kingdoms in each respective system. Then there are three buttons:

[*] Assign as Assistant Leader
[*] Assign as War Leader
[*] Assign as Communication Officer

All of these buttons assign the respective role to the selected kingdom.


The next option is to remove or kick a system out of the alliance. This is presented in a table with the system name, coordinates, total system net worth, and their position in the scores.

Next to each system is a checkbox titled "Boot." Once ticked and the form is submitted, that system is removed from the alliance.

The next option is to change the password for the alliance. This is self-explanatory and only accessible by the alliance leader. They will need to type the old password, then the new password, and confirm the new password before it is changed.

The next option is to delete the alliance. The button must be red, and they must confirm the submission by typing in the alliance password before submitting the form. Then a pop-up JavaScript box asks them if they want to delete. This is only accessible by the alliance leader.

The next option is available for the AL only, and it is to transfer the alliance leadership. Again, the AL has to confirm this by typing in the current alliance password.

The next option is a list of alliances. All the other alliances are listed in a dropdown box. If the alliances are at war with each other, there is an asterisk (*) by the alliance's name that they are at war with. There must be a red button labeled "Declare War" and a green button labeled "Offer Peace."

The next option, which both the Alliance leader and the Assistant can use, is to view solar system news. There is a dropdown box with a list of all the solar systems in their alliance. It allows them to view the system news of that solar system.

The next option, which both the alliance leader and the assistant can use, is to ban a user from posting in alliance forum threads. It bans a username from posting in the forums for a specified number of hours. There is a dropdown list of the solar systems and another dropdown box of the kingdoms. The duration of the ban can be selected, with a maximum of 72 hours. There is also an unban button.